{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Quantification of fluorescence intensities:\
\
To quantify the average fluorescence intensity of various antibodies in the nuclei of hair cells, we use an automated method for image segmentation, followed by manual labelling of cells according to their polarity. The regions within which the fluorescence intensity is measured (ROIs) are obtained by first segmenting the hair cells from stainings of a cell type marker and then segmenting the nuclei within them. For neuromasts expressing beta-actin GFP under the hair-cell-specific myo6b promotor for example, the area on each slice occupied by hair cells is segmented from anti-GFP stainings, followed by a segmentation of nuclei within this region using the corresponding DAPI stainings. In a second step, the polarity corresponding to each nucleus is identified manually from the actin stainings (beta-actin or phalloidin), and a manual correction step is applied to the nuclear ROIs to remove any non-nuclear regions. This procedure yields an average of 8 - 20 ROIs per nucleus depending on the experiment, from which a datapoint is obtained by calculating the average intensity across all ROIs, normalized to the average DAPI intensity.\
The processing and analysis were performed with custom ImageJ extensions written in Python. The details of the procedure and the corresponding code are provided at https://github.com/AAAA.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We developed a fully automated method for measuring the radial fluorescence intensity profile of antibodies labelling proteins on the apical surface of hair cells. The method relies on detecting the apical surface centroids of hair cells from stainings of a cytoskeletal marker that labels the cuticular plates (i. e. actin or spectrin) using the MaximumFinder plugin [ref], where the noise tolerance threshold was adjusted to achieve detection of the correct range of cell numbers per neuromasts. The normalized fluorescence intensity of the protein of interest (i. e. Vangl2 or Gnai) is then measured within a specified radial interval around the centroid for varying angles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The mean radial intensity profiles were obtained by averaging over all detected cells (between 35-502 cells from 8-47 neuromasts per experiment). 
\b \
}